README.md, before:

# tensorflow-v2

This repo is a Tensorflow course starting from scratch. The ***inspiration*** coming from awesome guys to whom I say thanks a lot.
> - [AntonMu](https://github.com/AntonMu/TrainYourOwnYOLO)
> - [Aymeric Damien](https://github.com/aymericdamien)
> - [YunYang1994](https://github.com/YunYang1994)
> - [zzh8829](https://github.com/zzh8829)
> - [Anton Mu](https://github.com/AntonMu)



## Prerequisites

Python environment must be present and correctly configured in order o use these exercises.

Please check:
* [Anaconda](https://www.continuum.io).
* [Nvidia Cuda 10.1](https://developer.nvidia.com/cuda-10.1-download-archive-base)
* [Google TensorFlow 2.0](https://www.tensorflow.org/)
* [Keras](https://keras.io/)


## Guides
[tflearn](http://tflearn.org)


## Example and Tutorials

* Git Tensorflow
> - [Aymeric Damien](https://github.com/aymericdamien)
> - [YunYang1994 Examples](https://github.com/YunYang1994/TensorFlow2.0-Examples)


* Tensorflow Yolo v3
> - [zzh8829](https://github.com/zzh8829/yolov3-tf2)
> - [YunYang1994 yolov3](https://github.com/YunYang1994/tensorflow-yolov3)


## Contents

#### 1 - Introduction
- **01-helloworld.py**: It is a simple check to evaluate if Tensorflow is correctly installed.
- **02-helloworld-gpu.py**: Same as the item above but checking the GPU support (Nvidia Cuda GPU is required).
- **03-constants.py**: Basic example about Tensorflow tensors. Simple Linear Algebra ops are executed as well.

#### 2 - Keras - The models
- **04-linear-model.py**: The basic linear model.
- **05-tensorboard.py**: How write trace to Tensorboard.
- **06-linear-model-class.py**: The same linear model with Tensorboard but embedded in a Python class.
- **07-save-weights.py**: How to save the training weights and load it when available.
- **08-use-model-class.py**: Complete example to training, save the weights and load it if present.

#### 3 - Standard Datasets
- **09-mnist-dataset.py**: The helloworld MINIST dataset.
- **10-cifar-dataset.py**: The CIFAR-10 dataset.




##How to install from scratch


Nvidia GPU support
cuda_10.1.105_418.96_win10.exe
cudnn-10.1-windows10-x64-v7.6.5.32.zip
python-3.7.9.exe (DO not use python-3.8.5.exe)

- Check Nvidia cuda version
``` cmd
nvcc --version
```
Checked version:
nvcc: NVIDIA (R) Cuda compiler driver
Copyright (c) 2005-2019 NVIDIA Corporation
Built on Fri_Feb__8_19:08:26_Pacific_Standard_Time_2019
Cuda compilation tools, release 10.1, V10.1.105


- Preliminary checks
``` cmd
python --version
conda --version
pip3 --version
```

Checked version:
Python 3.7 (3.7.9)
Anaconda 4.8.5
pip 20.1.1


- Create a log folder like **c:\log**

- Create the conda environment
``` cmd
conda create --name tensorflow python=3.7
conda activate tensorflow
conda install git
python -m pip install --upgrade pip
pip install -r requirements.txt
```

- Run tensorboard
``` cmd
(tensorflow) tensorboard --logdir=c:\log --port 6006
```

Open a web browser
localhost:6006


# Tips and Tricks
Run following commands before run jupyter at 
https://github.com/tensorflow/models

https://github.com/tensorflow/models/blob/master/research/object_detection/g3doc/detection_model_zoo.md

``` cmd
conda install git
then:
pip3 install "git+https://github.com/philferriere/cocoapi.git#egg=pycocotools&subdirectory=PythonAPI"
```



# How to use AWS EC2 intances


Connect to AWS
Select the environment 
Update the system and clone the repo 
``` cmd

sudo apt-get update
git clone https://github.com/AntonMu/TrainYourOwnYOLO.git
```

Commit message:

Fix some typo and insert tensorflow lite insperctor

README.md, after:

# tensorflow-v2

This repo is a Tensorflow course starting from scratch. The ***inspiration*** coming from awesome guys to whom I say thanks a lot.
> - [AntonMu](https://github.com/AntonMu/TrainYourOwnYOLO)
> - [Aymeric Damien](https://github.com/aymericdamien)
> - [YunYang1994](https://github.com/YunYang1994)
> - [zzh8829](https://github.com/zzh8829)
> - [Anton Mu](https://github.com/AntonMu)



## Prerequisites

Python environment must be present and correctly configured in order o use these exercises.

Please check:
* [Anaconda](https://www.continuum.io).
* [Nvidia Cuda 10.1](https://developer.nvidia.com/cuda-10.1-download-archive-base)
* [Google TensorFlow 2.0](https://www.tensorflow.org/)
* [Keras](https://keras.io/)


## Guides
[tflearn](http://tflearn.org)


## Example and Tutorials

* Git Tensorflow
> - [Aymeric Damien](https://github.com/aymericdamien)
> - [YunYang1994 Examples](https://github.com/YunYang1994/TensorFlow2.0-Examples)


* Tensorflow Yolo v3
> - [zzh8829](https://github.com/zzh8829/yolov3-tf2)
> - [YunYang1994 yolov3](https://github.com/YunYang1994/tensorflow-yolov3)


## Contents

#### 1 - Introduction
- **01-helloworld.py**: It is a simple check to evaluate if Tensorflow is correctly installed.
- **02-helloworld-gpu.py**: Same as the item above but checking the GPU support (Nvidia Cuda GPU is required).
- **03-constants.py**: Basic example about Tensorflow tensors. Simple Linear Algebra ops are executed as well.

#### 2 - Keras - The models
- **04-linear-model.py**: The basic linear model.
- **05-tensorboard.py**: How write trace to Tensorboard.
- **06-load-traininset.py**: Load the trainingset data from csv file.
- **07-save-weights.py**: How to save the training weights and load it when available.
- **08-use-model-class.py**: Complete example to training, save the weights and load it if present.

#### 3 - Standard Datasets
- **09-mnist-dataset.py**: The helloworld MINIST dataset.
- **10-cifar-dataset.py**: The CIFAR-10 dataset.

#### 4 - Images Datasets
- **11-images-dataset.py**: Run CNN on images classified by folder name.
- **12-images-dataset-cache.py**: Same as the above test!!!
- **13-images-dataset-local.py**: Same as the above but from local folder
- **14-convert-to-tensorflow-lite.py**: Convert the model to tensorflow lite model available to be used on mobile device



##How to install from scratch


Nvidia GPU support
cuda_10.1.105_418.96_win10.exe
cudnn-10.1-windows10-x64-v7.6.5.32.zip
python-3.7.9.exe (DO not use python-3.8.5.exe)

- Check Nvidia cuda version
``` cmd
nvcc --version
```
Checked version:
nvcc: NVIDIA (R) Cuda compiler driver
Copyright (c) 2005-2019 NVIDIA Corporation
Built on Fri_Feb__8_19:08:26_Pacific_Standard_Time_2019
Cuda compilation tools, release 10.1, V10.1.105


- Preliminary checks
``` cmd
python --version
conda --version
pip3 --version
```

Checked version:
Python 3.7 (3.7.9)
Anaconda 4.8.5
pip 20.1.1


- Create a log folder like **c:\log**

- Create the conda environment
``` cmd
conda create --name tensorflow python=3.7
conda activate tensorflow
conda install git
python -m pip install --upgrade pip
pip install -r requirements.txt
```

- Run tensorboard
``` cmd
(tensorflow) tensorboard --logdir=c:\log --port 6006
```

Open a web browser
localhost:6006


# Tips and Tricks
Run following commands before run jupyter at 
https://github.com/tensorflow/models

https://github.com/tensorflow/models/blob/master/research/object_detection/g3doc/detection_model_zoo.md

``` cmd
conda install git
pip3 install "git+https://github.com/philferriere/cocoapi.git#egg=pycocotools&subdirectory=PythonAPI"
```

# How to use AWS EC2 intances

Connect to AWS
Select the environment 
Update the system and clone the repo 
``` cmd

sudo apt-get update
git clone https://github.com/AntonMu/TrainYourOwnYOLO.git
```
